

//Creative Tab
itemGroup.EpidemicCraftTab=EpidemicCraft

//Items
item.epidemiccraft_ThinGlass.name=Thin Glass Plate
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDish.name=Sterile Petri Dish
item.epidemiccraft_Agar.name=Agar
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDishChol.name=Cholera Dish
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDishAnthrax.name=Anthrax Dish
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDishBubPlague.name=Bubonic Plague Dish
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDishFoodPois.name=Salmonella Dish
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDishUsed.name=Unclean Petri Dish
item.epidemiccraft_PetriDishEColi.name=E-Coli Dish
item.epidemiccraft_EggFlu.name= Influenza Egg
item.epidemiccraft_EggEbola.name= Ebola Egg
item.epidemiccraft_EggCPox.name=Chicken Pox Egg
item.epidemiccraft_EggPolio.name=Polio Egg
item.epidemiccraft_EggRabies.name=Rabies Egg

item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJar.name=Sterile Vaccine Jar
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarUsed.name=Unclean Vaccine Jar
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarFlu.name=Influenza Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarEbola.name=Ebola Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarCPox.name=Chicken Pox Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarPolio.name=Polio Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarRabies.name=Rabies Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarFoodPois.name=Salmonella Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarBubPlague.name=Bubonic Plague Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarChol.name=Cholera Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarEColi.name=E-Coli Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarAnthrax.name=Anthrax Sample
item.epidemiccraft_VaccineJarRuined.name=Ruined Vaccine

item.epidemiccraft_TestTube.name=Sterile Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeUsed.name=Unclean Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeFlu.name=Influenza Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeEbola.name=Ebola Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeCPox.name=Chicken Pox Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubePolio.name=Polio Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeRabies.name=Rabies Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeFoodPois.name=Salmonella Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeBubPlague.name=Bubonic Plague Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeChol.name=Cholera Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeEColi.name=E-Coli Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeAnthrax.name=Anthrax Test Tube
item.epidemiccraft_TestTubeRuined.name=Ruined Test Tube

item.epidemiccraft_TissueFlu.name=Infected Villager Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueEbola.name=Infected Fruit Bat Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueCPox.name=Infected Villager Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissuePolio.name=Infected Villager Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueRabies.name=Infected Wolf Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueBubPlague.name=Infected Rat Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueChol.name=Infected Squid Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueEColi.name=Infected Villager Tissue
item.epidemiccraft_TissueAnthrax.name=Infected Cattle Tissue

item.epidemiccraft_FluFluid.name=Influenza Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_EbolaFluid.name=Ebola Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_CPoxFluid.name=Chicken Pox Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_PolioFluid.name=Polio Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_RabiesFluid.name=Rabies Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_FoodPoisBacteria.name=Salmonella Bacteria
item.epidemiccraft_BubPlagueFluid.name=Bubonic Plague Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_CholFluid.name=Cholera Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_EColiFluid.name=E-Coli Fluid
item.epidemiccraft_AnthraxSpore.name=Anthrax Spores


item.epidemiccraft_Needle.name=Sterile Needle
item.epidemiccraft_UsedNeedle.name=Unclean Needle
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeTube.name=Sterile Syringe Chamber
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeTubeUsed.name=Unclean Syringe Chamber
item.epidemiccraft_SyringePlunger.name=Sterile Syringe Plunger
item.epidemiccraft_SyringePlungerUsed.name=Unclean Syringe Plunger
item.epidemiccraft_IronRod.name=Sterile Iron Rod
item.epidemiccraft_IronRodUsed.name=Unclean Iron Rod
item.epidemiccraft_Syringe.name=Sterile Syringe
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeUsed.name=Unclean Syringe
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeFlu.name=Influenza Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeEbola.name=Ebola Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeCPox.name=Chicken Pox Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringePolio.name=Polio Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeRabies.name=Rabies Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeFoodPois.name=Salmonella Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeBubPlague.name=Bubonic Plague Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeChol.name=Cholera Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeEColi.name=E-Coli Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeAnthrax.name=Anthrax Vaccine
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeSampleCPox.name=Chicken Pox Fluid Sample
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeSampleEbola.name=Ebola Fluid Sample
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeSampleFlu.name=Influenza Fluid Sample
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeSamplePolio.name=Polio Fluid Sample
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeSampleRabies.name=Rabies Fluid Sample
item.epidemiccraft_SyringeSampleEColi.name=E-Coli Fluid Sample

item.epidemiccraft_Adjuvant.name=Adjuvant
item.epidemiccraft_Purifier.name=Purifier
item.epidemiccraft_Preservative.name=Preservative
item.epidemiccraft_Rubber.name=Rubber
item.epidemiccraft_Mercury.name=Medical Grade Mercury
item.epidemiccraft_Scalpel.name=Surgical Grade Scalpel

item.helmetBioSuit.name=Biohazard Helmet

//Potion Effects
EpidemicCraft.potionBiosuit=Biohazard Suit
EpidemicCraft.potionFlu=Influenza
EpidemicCraft.potionEbola=Ebola
EpidemicCraft.potionCPox=Chicken Pox
EpidemicCraft.potionPolio=Polio
EpidemicCraft.potionRabies=Rabies
EpidemicCraft.potionFoodPois=Salmonella
EpidemicCraft.potionBubPlague=Bubonic Plague
EpidemicCraft.potionChol=Cholera
EpidemicCraft.potionEColi=E-Coli
EpidemicCraft.potionAnthrax=Anthrax

//Entities
entity.VillagerInfectedFlu.name=Influenza Villager
entity.EbolaBat.name=Ebola Bat
entity.VillagerInfectedCPox.name=Chicken Pox Villager
entity.VillagerInfectedPolio.name=Polio Villager
entity.RabiesWolf.name=Rabies Wolf
entity.BubPlagueRat.name=Bubonic Plague Rat
entity.CholSquid.name=Cholera Squid
entity.VillagerInfectedEColi.name=EColi Villager
entity.EntityAnthraxCow.name=Anthrax Cow
